README.md, before:

# ybmp
your basic music player is a music player written in html, css &amp; js. it uses the indexeddb library to, in a fully offline way, store playlists made by users, where they use an image as a cover, and audio/video files as the content to play. it features a hell lotta stuff &amp; more to come, so give it a shot! no servers, no accounts, just you &amp; whats yours, forever.

# features:
- works fully offline!! it uses indexeddb, a **definitely** better version of localstorage that allows for well... storaging!
- no tracking, accounts or any of that, we don't do that here >:^[
- languages (spanish & english, probably more coming soon)
- clean UI :D
- volume and speed adjusters
- more coming in the future!

## oh yea, & please note:
i won't maintain this forever due to various reasons, at least, publicly on github, this could be considered as a sort of experiment. however, you may modify the code at your liking (fork the code or suggest me stuff to add) (thanks, *The Unlicence*!) and idk just do whatever you wish with it. *your stuff, your rules.*

### like this?
visit galzstuff.github.io to know more about other proyects made by me!

Commit message:

Update README with access instructions
Added instructions for starting the music player and accessing files.

README.md, after:

# ybmp
your basic music player is a music player written in html, css &amp; js. it uses the indexeddb library to, in a fully offline way, store playlists made by users, where they use an image as a cover, and audio/video files as the content to play. it features a hell lotta stuff &amp; more to come, so give it a shot! no servers, no accounts, just you &amp; whats yours, forever. to start, head over to galzstuff.github.io/ybmp OR download the index.html file from the files here or in releases to have full, local access.

# features:
- works fully offline!! it uses indexeddb, a **definitely** better version of localstorage that allows for well... storaging!
- no tracking, accounts or any of that, we don't do that here >:^[
- languages (spanish & english, probably more coming soon)
- clean UI :D
- volume and speed adjusters
- more coming in the future!

## oh yea, & please note:
i won't maintain this forever due to various reasons, at least, publicly on github, this could be considered as a sort of experiment. however, you may modify the code at your liking (fork the code or suggest me stuff to add) (thanks, *The Unlicence*!) and idk just do whatever you wish with it. *your stuff, your rules.*

### like this?
visit galzstuff.github.io to know more about other proyects made by me!
